In this course, I focused on the installation option that's the most common.
However, there are two other approaches that you can use.
First, JHipster provides a virtual machine as a vagrant box.
This includes all the necessary tooling,
and some additional development tools like Docker.
Speaking of which,
JHipster also provides a Docker image to run the
JHipster generator inside a container.
This approach has some complexity to it,
so evaluate carefully whether you need this option.
As JHipster evolves,
I plan to continue updating a GitHub project with helpful installation details.
You can find the project at github.
com/michaelhoffmantech.
For the latest information on installation steps,
it's also recommended to check the JHipster website directly,
at jhipster.
github.
io.
Along with the installation of the JHipster generator,
JHipster provides an additional sub generator for creating
entities and relationships inside a project.
These assets are defined by a domain-specific language,
that's specific to JHipster.
While it's outside of the scope for this course,
the JHipster DSL tooling can be a useful option for
code generation post project creation. Let's summarize what we covered in this module.